... Economics bought late was in in markets boom ... Was is in markets a bombing us or in one man in less need a capital away none in it nandan reddish a mr analysts said ... High shot to my interest rates a police stock market an increasingly stable currency reflect a massive inflow of fresh funds in last two months raj lee from japanese and u.s. investors analysts polled by brighter sen ... Fun managers found coded t markets ... To power they cash in have settled on australia britain in canada as the deve diversify from our little u.s. dollar is trim this of one percentage point fall in its key ten new bonds needs in the past month to record chair prices senate in month high for the currency of zero point seven one u.s. dollars koli less rated the inflow official figures run the latest ... Inflow of investment capital a not available if my broker said they received almost daily enquiries hon the pan and the yen at its its these people have got trillion some dollars slowest in about and the don't know what to do with some of that is ending up hear with the attraction of high interest rates and reasonably ... Currencies stability national a australian banked limits days be economist bryan humbly say there is a flight outflow ... To quality ... Hamid said was delay may not be the best ... Economic position but their chance to many other countries waved you would want foot germany freer australian dollar was also attracting investors taking advantage of enough re shaping currency ... Against the volatility ... Of the u.s. nf finally said ... We looking a more favored markets than perhaps the u.s. have some people would be concerned oppose the value of the u western law by its ban ... In said limited chief economist ... Will but gross ... Minor put the money in australia entries cheap when the currency look stayed ... Put turning that capital into more four-man productive investments depends on government economic policy he said baloney disappear if people lose confidence in a direction of the economy if glut rose said adding that option investor this would carefully watch ... The direction in if conan ... Promised ... Tough economics statement on may footing while have pretty invest in bonds and other vehicles yielding interest an up enable else firm manages could just as easily reverse ... The flow particularly the japanese who were badly hurt the the past may rapid for its engines alien dollar a hefty jumps in bond its analysts set it will remain very is even ... If something was not to be delivered if the statement was in consider tough enough by lame see a substantial outflow but for a set ... Of fare investors a eager to see us will it take tough economic decision to curb its hundred billion all of foreign debt and stubborn current account deficit analysts said they giving us the benefit of the dove anything they would like to leave the money here mature set reserve ben policy has also reflect it the increased interest in investment in a stelea the need to she in japanese investors from the rapid conceive fluctuations deserve carbon of bob johnston last ridge acknowledged in element of targeting the day ... Against the yen in cannes policy penny said authorities could not take their eyes of the yen because a crucial role japanese in stf finally said they believe the reserve pang head were successful in d sen months to keep their trail and all of within the reach of hundred to hundred in three year apart from its recovery against a weak u.s. run-off restrain a dollar has also risen almost three percent honor trade waited bases in last three weeks of show buying has also played a role in the bombing are schlesin market it has followed wall street and other markets but is also setting its john crane in response to the weight afford domestic one of shri of funds pouring antiquity particularly into the gold's if the lucky all ordinary ease index rose to a record ... Won seven five eight points re trading in newly twenty per cent above its level in the end of nineteen eighty six when the gold index has mini doubled to a record three zero eight when his impeded the property sector is also soared after when japanese companies that have invested heavily vision it states in these in tears a turning their tins in two undervalued real estate particularly in the tourism free ... I rise pointed to the racing sailors sydney is five star regent hotel to japanese interests who more than one forty five million on us as indicative of the type of property beings or they think the fine good value real estate yama which with long comment fixed capital investment is the kind of investment australian need were frozen at
