 ... Poll wants against further dollar fall ... Men is done president karl auto poll said a weekend on a wood series e and for the depreciation of the mark could damage prospect for sustained viz german economic growth in a speech to the institute of contemporary german affairs year pulse said it would be extreme need risky policy to aim for a further substantial decline in the value of dollar to correct the trade deficit is it the united states of could face a vicious circle a depreciation inflation an more depreciation if it took the troops ... Pour in noted west germany and already taken steps to meet u.s. demands for great assimilation a fester misty on wing ... Accelerating tax cuts ... Cutting interest rates and on little above targets money supply growth he said he would have been happy to have brought for five billion marks of tax cut now plant were january nineteen eighty eight the beginning of this year matti said the government faced political constraints rating such majors through ... In the upper house otherhand west german pal dimmed but there were also limits the impact west germany could except on exports from arising mark c said poes safe half west germany reliant on exports for about one third of its gross national product ... So a substantially rose in of pay export markets could not be offset by increasing demand at home ... Zee a further appease the his son of mark could even be an obstacle to further growth hissing ... Police rediff the band is men and tolerated happy it money supply growth last year because the country enjoyed low inflation in because external fact does including low oil prices and favorable comes off crane had given some extra leaving but police said west gemini now faced a difficult dilemma over my little policy ... P underlying rate of inflation was not to present not the reported negative inflation rates lastly in west germany was affected more ... Than by ... Exchange rate developments puzzle time being we have a focus are policy more on the extra cite an we can live with the ... More it expands nariman is applied myth we must be careful his n ... He said he sheds among the u.s. concerns aboard the japan's traits a presses which affected european countries is well as a night estates pull welcome the so-called low over a called off monitor the ... Of fishes of major industrialized countries saying the importance of the february twenty to agreement to stabilize exchange rates had been unrest may take all partners at it agreed that the dollar was at a bird the right level and further changes note damage growth is in this was a remarkable change in attitude the specially on the part of our american colleagues he said petty said there was still a danger that correction of the dollars value could over shoe
