... Bonn is man calls per cent will bang cooperation when this man board member clause colon ... Called incentive bans major industrials is nations to cope re closely on exchange in interest it policies the lecture at the university of selling pre released year kohler said cut the only awe alternative to cooperation was protection is a man control on capital movements center bans have sufficient experience of exchange market transactions to city year exchange rates ... Way they want to have the is say he added that west german growth forecast would have to be revised downward acts because the recent dollar drop to one point eight marks from above two marks cut the start of nineteen eighty seven ... Kohler said the transactions on foreign exchange markets if if parted company with transactions in goods services when investments in to this kilo speculated transactions that determine market trends speculative inflows could cause month area aggregates to grow ... To reverse such a rise in money stock its interest rates would have to be lowered equal of funds to drain of enough the worse the monetary policy measures require different forms and sometime stammer she kaliya opposed to those needed when the money stock is increasing as a result of mounting economic activity kohler said the dollar fall was mon means of reducing the massive u.s. current account deficit put attempts to keep the depreciation going met talking the dollar ... Down pose problems the sharp drop on the dollar had led to an immediate steep rise in the cost of u.s. imports in a sharp fall in the cost of european imports but the wall dim effect ... Of falling imports ... To the u.s. in rise in imports ... To year put take time to make itself pale compared with the price effect has the depreciation of the dollar may well be going further than would be necessary debt just a current account cover the median tough call asset reduction in the u.s. car and deficits would occur on leave the growth rates of jean p was higher than to misty demand ... In japan invest gemini by contrast if domestic demand should rise further faster the engine p in germany ... This knock did indeed happen in nineteen eight six kohler said if afar depreciations dollar was to be prevented the u.s. current account deficit could be offset by an inflow of foreign funds ... Into the u.s. fought on if there was an appropriate interest rate differential would sure open japan look for financial investment in the u.s. when selecting one day policy the instruments assent to bang had to pay greater heed than in the past to the impact its measures might have on expectations and consequent dissidence collar sen ... Bondage bangkok was changing money mr cut rates because the operating ... By operating on the open market charges jens just in leading interest rates because of the signal this gives tool market and its a span shell impact on exchange rates it was not run impotent achieve the domestic gossip price to detain economy crores if and full employment but also to tackle engine has to problems like exchange problems of the debt problems in the current account probes ... A stand dizzy had to be designed that help the same cunning of non inflationary ... Economic growth in tenant a national monitor re system largely free of disruptions colon cent given the system of floating exchange rates it was necessary for centre man store green entering ... To suffice to tell the market which centered man saw exchange rates over next few years the and intervention points chin not be set because they were only testing points were the market he said not do to keep the into national more it a system free of disruptions sent to a man should not turn intervene jointly but also corporate ton interest rate policies callers it