  ... The seven issues statement after meeting one the text of a state men by the group of seven ... The new west pan west emily france pit in liondh and ... Issued after watching two meeting is today one the finance pension to is a gentle banker winners of seven aged in a steel countries met did they continue the process some multi later surveillance of their economies ... Pursue into their ailments for strengthened economic policy coordination agreed at the nineteen eighty six talking some ... Of the heads of state uncover intensified the managing day victor off into national monetary fund also participated in the meeting ... To the ministers and governors re off on the commitment to the cooperative approach if the credence the reason paris meeting i noted the progress achieved ... In implementing undertakings embodied in the luge run grim they agreed however that further actions will be essential to resist rise in protects in his may pressures sustain global expand gen plan ... And reduce trade imbalances in this connection they welcomed the proposals just announced by the governing of april democratic party in japan for extraordinary an arjun majors to skim millet japan's economy through oil implementation of a large supplementary budget exceeding those of the previously us is well as unprecedented front in loading of public works expenditures the government of japan j from its intention to further open its domestic markets to foreign goods in services three the ministers in governess lee firm the view that funded ... That around current level is the currencies a within rains broadly consistent with economic fundamental us than the basic policy intentions outlined at the low vomiting in that connection they will come the strong implementation of the local cream they concluded the the presented ... Prospective progress in implementing the policy undertakings touch the low will fetch in the state-mate provided a basis for continuing close cooperation to foster the ability of fixing the its