  billion require for on a fifteenth... German money market split knows rate prospects remarks per center wound colors need some hopes the band is manned cut rates once it duty purchase pact but a pretense remain divide in the likelihood of a move in the near tuck money market dealer said comments my band is one boat lumber clause colon his today than the rates cut ... When needed to curb money supply growth from speculative capital in force in the waste police state center blank president in tighter his ... That theirs no natural lower limit to the discount rate had however no immediate impact call money ... Decline to three points six five ... Seven five percent from three pun seven five fate five percent but the drop first try to a yikes to a liquidity in the market thefts dealer set ... Dealer said the band is bans latest liquidity allotment this week towers some hopes of lower interest rates ... The band is man allotted ernie six months one billion marks in a steady ... In new liquidity in a repurchase power at an unchanged rate of three one taper sen thus attracting sums eight men take pigeon mass was the market ... As an out queen fourteen per nine billion pact expire ... But some dealers us said the smaller volume ... Awarded by the pact was in line with present liquid money market conditions frank did not exclude a cut in the repurchase pant rates soon to three point seven percent affirmed money market rates continue present levels ... The next opportunity per the bande span to lower rates ... On the purchase pats will be in a tender expected next you stay when this month officials have already said the favor more discreet trade adjustments for through repurchase parts nil now has the junk more public adjustment of leading inhouse ... The bun this man may either ... Sit a fix the low kishan rate panel of bans to tender for the volume as has been the case since it lowered its discount rate or raise it may allow bans to tender for the rates tend said the volume itself dealers expect were limit the tended to be lower than fifteen pant two billion marks flowing out to offset other income in funds some seven billion marks is expected to flow in next if we should then flow back into the market as it is deposited with bans man swerve well supplied with liquidity holding sixty one open five billion marks in reserve said one is bang contest ... Holdings an average daily in deserves over the first seven days of it bristol at fifty nine pun six began are still up of the stay minted fifty one