European markets yak quickly to cheese in communique european currency markets in it quickly to the g-7 communique with comments from pang is and is lessening is a point when that it was ... Not more concrete supply the the markets it awake it it some the donor opened low against which in on teas and he did none are were in the coming which re formed ... A supporter the paris accordance currencies stable edition mutt contain no moves to stunts in its delays in frankfurt injury sort the dollar remaining broadly in hence in its current ... Trading range the dollar is unlikely to stay within a range a one point eight to one pundit for marks sen ge is a less time hazard sling a dealer and the chase man ag said they were some resistance ... To further claims however she said the dollar could break out of the range with major suppress research as worse than expected u.s. merchandise trade deficit due next used tudor's tandur men dealer with ... Bans julius buyer and co ltd zoo rick said he expects the dollar to hold steady gains comma and swiss friend but to weaken further gains in in and possibly to one forty gen from elan banker shade start remains view ... Saying he expects an dollar yen range of one for her to one fifty the shot ... London trader said the jim seven communique field co underlying bearish sp worse the dollar but this negative ... Sentiment was not create strong enough to dent in turbine cooperate us to test the downs a concern that finance minister sen officials still in boston kim could issue more concrete statements in favor of currency still with elevation kept pace sideline along with word is but provoking fresh scent to banking device in in the near of the traitors sinha boost peiris dealer six his disappointment at the coming say nothing is change to reverse dollars known what pay debts in several centers said the market to look for fresher opportunities her taste the willingness a sense liver and to defend currently in fees which the khomeini said of co broadly consisting with economic fundamentals an basic policy in kitchens outline at the loof maity ... Dave zoo hint seeing a deal that went lend banking run the sweet they going to put somebody is result they so the u.s. february trade data will provide the trigger ... Dealers say however some dealers said london waste operators would be unlikely to open major positions next week i hate of the long easter weekend is so near term technical supported one point eight two five wards in one forty five yen in resistance about ... One per day three mr can one forty six chase pans time hurl the thinner the front but dealers said the g-7 communique car nt the relatively kan visible markets was a force able future compared with it still quality see in the first few months of the scene one deal that is german man said the wedding of the communique freight clear the leading nations did not want a further drop his was supporting the darner the german dealers saw the dollar i gradually appreciate into one pundit son mark fondly seen as its upper limit within ... The louvre caught supposed convince a targeting its has ways by an economy city beef if the markets were ready for pier of may decide pace movement but midland dealers were skeptical about the coming ache contributing to greater stability the thing they say such ties silly to give the dollar a big boost sit one dealer met another it alain maneka said he expects the dow lead to trade bitter one pen sense ever among pandits seven german mass in next events ... A swiss monetary source who ask not to be named sit communique had been in line with realistic capitation church should not have produced disappointment the problem is that changes need date in fiscal in trade policies to redress current imbalances are of different tens kill them conceive markets the operator the sources told reuters this is a political process ... Mistakes take an lower shook dirt chief economist at ... Swiss band called been passed also question that owner disappointment evident on currency markets if free people really expect a patent remedy the asked man economist in paris noted he studies meeting was wholly the first tennessee resents said the market could watch carefully next few weeks for any changes in positions a senior economist with palm indu's ways said to focus was now own trading growth was in interest rates any move by chip an investor men to pose their economic growth only to a quick change u.s. positions dealers with all centers agreed that the market would be way again pushing the dollar too far too quickly in the coming months when sen to bans appear resolve to use the muscle to support the paris a corp perfecting