
... Soon with the mood and insert quick recovery from much soon is certain lose its status as chip warns most profitable bank cuts result of its merger with the high were so woman financial analysis said osaka based sony to move with ... Deposits of a run print three pun nine trillion yen emerged with i were so ago ... A small struggling pant with tennis timid in one pen to nine billion dollars enough in un recovery billions ... Knocked over ... When despite the link talk soon with some of president co kumar sue told reuters is confident his banking quickly regain its position ... Will be back ... In position in first place within three years comma so said none intervened he said that while the merger will find will initially reduce omit the most profit debility an efficiency it will vastly expand summit comers rash network in the token metropolitan area where it has been relatively weak but financial analysts panelist's a divided on whether an how quickly the gamble will pay off some said soon with our may have played too much for high ever so wine view of the band smoke in view of the smaller bans large debts however ... Others argue the merger was more cost if it is than creating a comparable france that of men scratch ... Analysts agree the ban was a crescent it has expanded overseas enter the lucrative security is business and geared for domestic compression ... But the question the wisdom of some of these ... Moves ... They made bold moves to put everything in place nurse largely year to the hands said decline were ... Benson ltd ... Financial analyst assignments mixer among sumita owns problem us are limits placed on its move twenty u.s. security is business met taking a strain in american nuns one man quote means tax income ... Sumita comers said ... So with our last august agreed to pay five wonder million dollars for occur pun five person partners in the pan ... For the time being it ease the federal reserve board has for them to exchange personal or increase the business they do with each other ... Tie up his idly low dole ... As a lame duck because ... Fate worse stricter than sumita omar expected said one and list comma its shoes said the move will pay off in three years portent is the train differs inch ... Comma a source said ... Kumars is willing to be patient about poser with roots in to the security bill facets topped her tikal sixty five of security is an exchange arc japan's version of the u.s. glass t will act separates commercial from invest when banking put the walls between the two were crumbling income much is said ... He hopes further deregulation will create new of fetching teas we need to find new business chances in recent ... Some cases these will be security is related in some cases trust pan create it that us the kind of deregulation ... Until such changes occur so may come will focus on such to my domestic securities business as profitable governing bond dealing ants in thin ... Relations in my coca security is company relate ... In which each it holds a five passenger who walks a said ... He said sumita jammu is cautiously of a misty were entering the securities business here through its vis a universal ban subsidiary banker del khata all ... Financial ministry is expected to grant licenses to security subsidiaries of u.s. commercial ban soon ... But comma soon is electing to pushed hard for his imminent decision on naam murtaad the subsidiary in on want to make waves week spent this will bailout into three assists taker the city man so much so in sumita roma is also pushing to expand lending to individuals and small in business small in media business history plays disappearing demand from the businesses he at ... The analysts said soon know will have to devote a long tend to ... Digest in its most asian most we sent initiatives including a merger with ailing have some of ... Its sulu dam has been told has been bold in its strategies line works mix ... After that it said question of absorbing and circling around will be the next decade before receive such strategies right along right ... Hoof