 ... San me gail deal hit them more loath suits a bit by san middle cord ... Is emcee to buy back thirty eight confine million sequestered sense from unite take coconut planters banged up new c p being has been hit petrol new law suits ... Source is in the philippines ford and re very company said a manila quote this study issued an injunction barring use cpp from selling the c shares ... Which represent thirty one percent of ace in sees a outstanding capital stock of one twenty one millions tests ... Until hearings on april twenty one on a petition filed per into art though ... Co juan go a former chairman of both is since the end up sewing ... Co juan core said the coconut industry investment fund c ii f ... And one point four million farmers were the rightful owners of the cells ... Could juan co said the chaise were hailed interest by up c being and represented a blue chip investment ... His petition set up c bees planned to sell the ashes assent see were a serious breach of fit to cag duties sm c sources said the proposed chaise sale could also be held up by second derivatives suit filed before the security is an exchange commission acc ado art today laws and release anchor one-man nominee on the companies bought the laws and allies who represents sm sees minorities stock holders ask the acc ... To block the transaction approved last week pet companies boat ... On april to the board sanction the repurchase of the sequestered chairs were four point seven nine billion pace source ... At one twenty six pay source persia ... A loss sans least told the acc the company is retained earnings of one point reach the billion pacers ... Would be wiped out by the purchase of the shares and would prevent the declaration of dividends pillows sign release said the step purchase could also violate an essay emcee agreement with its creditors to maintened a to point to to one needed to equities asia ... He quoted as mca is chief financing director le moaned ... They'll rasa harry o is telling the board that transaction would boast the ratio to two point five two were ... In petitioning the s.c. seemed ... Day laws and release sick amended an earlier suit two weeks ago in which he charged sam see chairmen andre's sorry are no third in nine other is of violate in the duties ... L laws as release earlier complaint related to sm see assuming last december a twenty six point five million dollar loan ... Contracted by a sin sees how cons subsidiary in nip to near call ... For a down payment on mrs the loan assumption was again ratified it well last weeks board meeting ... An arbitration panel setter by president ... Cobras on a queen long to resolve the on recipe issue is expected to submit its reports pay april fifteen ... The amended suit filed by do are doda loss and release is part of a continuing a attempt by certain elements incomplete district carder the facts and with questionable what gives a delay and early days position of the sequestered shirts san nikhil corn said in a statement coming as it does whence san nikhil called an u c p we ... Have reached agreement on the prize services and a method of payment this rot is in direct contravention ... Of the governments expressed desire to reach enemy cables settlement of the controversy may april fifteen the statement added ... A sanity a spokesman said he had no comment on co john goes court petition adding any statement coming from us might be interpreted as at the sale ... Meanwhile law monday as the head of government panel which sequestered the share as last year set so rian now was not eligible to buy the major portions as because he was a united states citizen ... The sequestered chase a split into twenty four million ace sense which can only be on buy freely peanuts and fourteen million pieces which are available to foreign bias is emcee sources said sir ryana personally was not among prospective buyers ... They said the shares would be purchased by ... Is sorry are no group of companies sm see ... Rip attorney and unnamed institutional investor us so jana was named one of the bias in them bid in march nineteen eighty six for thirty three million stairs controlled by use cpp ... Sale was aborted when the as zest presidential commission on good cover ninth sequestered thus shares on suspicion never owned by colon john co ... A close associate of former president mark costs ... Co juan cone listen sell fax imposed exile in the u.s. essays crude to thirty eight points one million after fifteen percent stock dividend announced last june we have no objection to sir ryana buying the bases day as told reuters but everything is on hold ... The sm see spokesman said he did not roys the controversy would be resolved before the companies an low stock holders meeting scheduled for may footing ... Signing gill called reported sales of revenue of twelve point two billion pace owes in nineteen eighty six level percent about its ten point nine billion pests so ... Sale in 1980s a ... It said are nor dated net profit was in the neighborhood of seven hundred million peasants an increase of about fifty percent over nineteen eighty five