 ... Pros my outlines insider trading legislation ... Senate banking committee chairmen william pros mines said it planned to introduce legislations shortly to require greater public disclosure of cooperate takeovers and fairer treatment for our shareholders ... Speaking to the national association of manufacturers blocks may said lee sent insider trade trading stocks candles increase the chance that congress will act to curb abuses ... We proposing legislation that would provide two more disclosure f would be fair to all say holders that would in sure that takeovers a properly financed he said ... Among the provisions of the bill would reduce the threshold fun notifying the security is an exchange commission that an investor or group has acquired a percentage of stock in a company to three percent of from the current five per cent threshold within ten days a rocks my said ... In addition they would pear tree notification requirement etched in investor intended cling acquire three percent that could have to ... File do with a ceasing pros my eyes said the plane notification requirement was main to prevent are betrays us from having a jump on the general public in knowing about coming takeover attends ... Pros may said he would call for extending the p.j. that a tender offer must be kept open under the williams act to sixty days from the current twenty business days ... His bill would provide for private suits in ifs the acquiring company violated the time peeled off the tender offer ... To correct abuses in the financing of takeovers pros may said the legislation would aim at ensuring ... The current margin requirements a properly enforced ... The federal reserve board has a fifty percent margin a comment for purchasing stock ... But prof my said it is not generally enforced hostile takeovers his ... Haidar the groups are in niches leading a takeover declare when they can raise the capital for a takeover without tacit putting in live there own money rocks my said ... He said his bill would allow private suits for damages for failing to meet the federal reserve fifty percent margin acreage ... The bill also would require more disclose when several investors form an alliance in hostile takeovers been picking sen i can wicket together ... We want people to know facts about it folks may sent frogs message he favored the approach used in britain ... Courts two-tier tender offers that ince shows it all shareholders receive equal treatment ... He said d expected amendments to the bill would also cover is defensive mechanisms such as green mail and poison pills frogs mines said he intended to introduce his bill later this month and predicted the senate committee if ford are the spring ... He said he was hopeful congress could pass a bill this year