Energy u.s. petrochemical in a string cheap oil feed stocks the weakened u.s. dollar and a plant it lies this in rate approaching ninety percent will propel the streamlined u.s. petrochemical and st to record profits the cm with growth expected through atleast nineteen ninety a major company executives predicted a ... In this malaysia outlook farm chemical manufacturing and an industry white tough move to shed unrelated businesses is prompted g aiff chord poke a privately held cane chemical in ... An other firms to aggressively seek acquisitions of petrochemical plants ... Oil companies such as ass lend oil in the can kentucky based oil refinery marketer are also shocked paying for money making ... Petrochemical businesses to buy high cs poised at the pressure of a golden period sell power or if says j men of giant one dow chemical wharf adding ... They is no plant capacity being added around our law the only aim is bringing out new products in improving the old ones ... Analysts say the chemical industries biggest customers or to mel manufacturers and home builders that use a lot of paints and plastics at expected to buy quantities this year ... U.s. petrochemical per plans a currently operating at about nine depressing capra at incapacity ... Reflecting tighter supply that could hike product prices to thirty to forty percent this year ... Said john the surf managing their nectar of pace consultants in office to ... Demand for some products acts such as timing could push profit margins if the buyer as much as three hundred percent he said ... Or if face speaking at a meeting of chemical engineers in use ten feet said dow would easily top the seven forty one million dollars it earned last ear and predicted it would have the best year in its is telling nineteen eighty five when oil prices were still above train defied dollars a file and kick chemical export rug adversely affected by the strong u.s. dollars dow had profits of fifty eight million dollars ... I believe the entire chemical industry is headed for the record d have a close today far a fissile wharf the a.s. chairmen sam mull him an estimated the u.s. chemical in a city would reported twenty percent gain in profits during nineteen eighty seven ... Last year the domestic industry under total of thirteen billion dollars a fifty four percent leap from nineteen eighty five ... The turn in the fortunes of the ones sickly chemical industry has been brought about in by a combination of luck and planning ... Said pace says john lotion ... Brochures said last years fall in oil prices made feet stocks dramatically cheaper than at the same time the american dollar was weakening against foreign currencies ... That held to post a u.s. chemical export false helping to bring supply and demand into balance has been the gradual fee market depth of thin of the x a chemical man's as incapacity creative glum medalist an oil producers in early in nineteen eighties ... Finally make virtually all meet the u.s. chemical manufacturers have embarked on extensive corporate the structure in program to maratha paul f inefficient brands the came the payroll and eliminate unrelated businesses the restructuring touched off a flurry of friendly in hostile takeover attempts jf who which made an unsuccessful attempt in nineteen eighty five for to acquire union carbide call you k recently offered three billion dollars for balk polak call a chicago manufacturer of plastics and chemicals ... When the industry power house w are grace has divested its retaining the west tarar and fertilizer businesses to raise cash for chemical acquisitions but some experts worry ... That the chemical in the same may be headed for trouble if companies continue turning the back on the manufacture in a staple petrochemical commodities such as its filing in favor of moles profitable speciality chemicals that a custom design for a small culpable aids ... Companies like do point an monsanto ... Co spent the last ... Two or three years time to get out of the commodity chemical business in reaction to how badly the market had deterred deteriorated ... Dow assessed ... But i think they will eventually kill the margins on the profitable chemicals in the niche market ... Some top chemical exhibit is say the concerns the challenge for are industry is to keep from getting carried away and repeating past mistakes ge else him when caution to the shift from commodity chemicals may be ill advised speciality businesses do not stay special long enough if he houston based cane chemicals created this month by sterling investment i think group believes it can generate seven hundred million dollars in are annual sales weber king they industry trend to ... Chairmen accordance king who previously let a leave placed buy out of do ponds call no co in six chemical business a spend one point one billion dollars says jan way to buy seven petro kethikal plant's along the texas gulf coast ... The plants produce oily basic commodity petrochemicals that are the building blocks a speciality products if this kind of commodity chemical business will never be an glamorous high margin business gains said i d the adding that demand is expected to grow by about three percent allergy if ... Jar or month an an list with deen mitter ... Annals with it chemical makers have also benefited by increasing demand for plastics as prices become more competitive with aluminum model steel products ... Are men estimate in the upturn in the chemical business could last as long as four or five years provided the u.s. economy continues its modest rate of cloth