... Union texas oil reserves drop in nineteen eighty six ... Union texas with colin said its walled white of home proved his curves fell to five eleven million barrels of oil equivalent at the inn of nineteen eighty six from five fifty five million barrels report in nineteen eighty five ... In its newly is laced annual report union texas said it replaced a but seventy one percent of its production of fifty six million barrels of oil equivalent last deer after taking into account the sale of twenty seven million barrels of u.s. reserves ... Union texas the nations largest independent island has put producer based on revenues ... Is privately held company owned by f coal block cry ways roberts in co and allied signals in the hue stun based company said it lost fifty seven point five million dollars on one point two six pillion dollars in sales last tm compared to prophets of boom one sixty five million dollars on two point zero four billion dollars in sales in nineteen eighty five ... Union texas said it received an average of thirteen point three five dollars per barrel were its in the national oil production into point clone nine ... Per mca f ... For its foreign natural gas sales slim majority of the companies total energy production risen in the unite it kingdoms indonesia and pakistan ... In the unites states union texas said it complete it evaluation work on its oil fee in the nala's comma call will take a area ... Although significant oil reserve so conform development of this discovering will not be economical with us up time silly higher prices the company say ... Run in texas saint planned to spend about forty two million dollar is fall again next two years to develop its huge gene island block st seventy one in the gulf of mexico ... Nineteen eighty seven the company said it budgeted save wine seventy eight million dollars for capital spending less than half of the same ... Amount spent in nineteen eighty five and down from ... One ninety nine million dollars budgeted last year ... Union takes is also set it could seek acquisitions of oil in gas properties as well is petrochemical related businesses