 ... U.s. oil dependency seen arising to a record level ... The united states dependency on foreign oil resources may reach record levels ... By the mid nineteen nineties a ... According to john h. lists block president of petroleum industry research associates ... Pitched ploughs peaking at an alter native energy conference year said the u.s. may depend on foreign supplies for as much as fifty two percent of its oil by nineteen ninety five ... Surpassing the previous high level of forty seven percent in 1970s a ... The long-term growth in dependency on foreign oil is inevitable is dow said as much is thirty percent of u.s. oil imports in nineteen ninety five good comes from opium nations they said ... Its doesn't the u.s. dependent on foreign supplies for thirty three percent of its oil in nineteen eighty six and predicted that quote increase to forty percent by nineteen ninety ... However the rate of this growth can be effected positively or negatively through government action or inaction is plus set ... Is said that one of the governments negative reactions is the maintenance of the windfall profits tax which acts as a disincentives to developing existing fields in reduces cash flow were oil exploration ... Liz bloc called for the adoption of when into national flow price of crude oil to help stabilize world oil prices and into a rash of low price adopted by all or most industrial countries would clearly be as much ... More effective measure an would be much less distorted for the u.s. ... Than if imposed it a lot jaitley chopra said development of an alternate energy sources such as synthetic fuse as well as increased development bananas ka good lessen u.s. dependency on foreign oil lived percent ... A potential for alternative supplies could limit the willingness of opaque basis to raise oil prices z. which law also called for the fatal government to offer take tax a break meant its for oil drilling ... To fill the state e g applaud petroleum reserve at a faster rate and to develop while it plans for alternative energy