 ... Further argentine course grain losses create ... An ardent in grain producers adjusted they yield estimates of the nineteen eighty six eighty seven ofcourse claim crop downward enough week to yesterday after heavy rains if the end of march in beginning of a plane trade sources said ... They said sunflower maize and so gum ... Production estimates had been reduced despite some later warm dry weather of which is allowed a return to harvesting in some males ... However as shower worse fail enter bitten clean after last weekend producers peered another spell of prolonged an intense rain could cause more damage to crops already badly hit this season rains in the middle of last week these ten average of twenty seven millimetres in parts of peon laws aries province eighty three millimetres in called over forty one in santa faith fifty in on its daily hours and ec on his ninety five in korea and there is eight f chalk cope and thirty five reform was up there was no rain fall in the same period in laugh pomp ... Producers fear continued dam conditions could produce raw attain an elite to still lower zeal estimates or all the crops including soil peas however as lands began drying weight in the week harvesting advanced considerably reaching bit in thirty six and forty percent of the area in the case of sunflower ... Deterioration in the sunflower crop evident in the harvest state ... Immaterial ink or deuba law palm find you nurseries forced deal estimates per hectare to bade tested down again the season sunflower seed production is now focused it to open one million to two per three million tons against two point two million to two per four million forecast last week and down forty three per nine to forty eight point eight percent on the nineteen eighty five it is six record of open one million ... Pay arrears on to san flowers was two to two point two million actors twenty nine point nine took thirty six point three percent below the record three point one four million hectares last season ... Maize harvesting has also reached thirty six to ... Forty percent of the areas or is near completion in called over and santa fake an will be kenneth lapang per in southern blue nurseries later in april ... Production estimates for maize for down last week at nine pant five millionth and put eight million tons against nine point six million to nine per nine million estimated previously mrs twenty to point to grow twenty three point four percent below the ... Weapon for million to twelve point six million tons estimated by private sources path the nineteen eighty five eighty six crow ... And print in the one point nine to twenty five point eight percent down on the official figures of quell point eight million tons measures sown on three point five eight million to three pun senate million net tons to two seven percent down kanva's seasons three per take five million sore income ... Was harvested on twentythree to twenty five bustle of the area sown in called abha sand away asha corp ... Harvest will start the lapang power in when a series in may day pluck the total a.s. on was one point to three million to one point three zero million excess ten point three to fifteen point two percent down on the one point four five million sown las is in ... The new forecast for the so dumb crop is two point nine million to three point two million tons compared with four point two million ton crop ... Three million to three per three million forecast last week than this flow until three point eight two twenty nine point three percent downer last seasons four per one million to four point two million ton crop ... The soya bean crop for this season was not adjust in remaining at a record seven point five to seven point seven million tonnes of soap into two ... Five point five percent on the seven point two million to seven point three million estimated by private sources pun nineteen eighty five eighty six and five point six to eight per five per cent higher than the official figure of seven point one is in ... Thin area sown two soil brains decision was a record three points sen million a three point eight million actress friend twenty eight the thirteen point eight percent upon the record three points t for million ... Who sown in nineteen eighty five it the six the soya bean crop a is showing excessive moisture in some areas and producers fear they may discover some damage its ... Some experimental harvesting was carried out in santa fame on areas making up only about one percent of the total crop ... But details on this one not available preparations of the fields for the nineteen eighty seven in it it a week crop which will be sown between may and august or september if a so far not been as intense as in previous years