 ... Net change in export commit and u.s. pa the u.s. are curry culture department cave then it in in export commitments including sales consultations foreign purchases and cue millet way export the current season through the week ended april to ... Which comparison is as follows clinton's except as knotty ... Previous week all wheat cons roy beans so i cake meal soya bean oil caught in why its minus total while running bales the indicated total is include a reported commitments to both named unnamed destinations sales an exporters on account and optional origin sales plus actual exports already made during the respect a marketing seasons the u.s. take caution that reported outstanding sales of the subject to modification deaf a lull or cancellation and it is unlikely that our report it quantities will be courted ... U.s. teenage give detailed brave downs for the nineteen eighty six k.d. seven and nineteen eighty seven eighty eight seasons as for loans ... In thousand tonnes unless stated firms sales to declare destination the ultimate destination not be declared says menon exporters on account ... Exporters holds option ... To report to fill commit men with supply some origins are on the other than us the accumulated exports since season me can mr data reported exporters f indicated kakar for the season ge u.s. day project it exports for season note totals may not are due to learned ... All week ... So i beans if ... Corn ... So gum ... Meat products ... Eous c soya bean cake and meal ... Cottonseed oil ... All airplane domestic raw cotton wife ... Barley ... Hard great winter wheat white feed heart rates spring wheat drum wheat ... Soft trade winter wheat ... Country in destinations of the identified sales of commodities report led by exporters week ended april to of the respective marketing decisions were detail by the u.s. tape as follows with comparisons were the pds week in thousand safta ends except when not it ... All beat all feet soya beans ... Soya bean cake meal ... Are planned caught